Hi a pandemic that was deliberately
created so that a few people could
make big profits from selling
the antidote two women
screamed hysterically after seeing
a mysterious worm coming out of
a man's body then the driver's license was transferred to
a man named Jaehyo where he
was a former Professor in the field of
biochemistry he lost  All of his money
when investing in stocks
forced him to work as
a drug salesman at a pharmacy. Ji Hyuk
has a wife named Game Xeon and
two children named Junwook and Yi Ji
Hyuk has a younger brother named Jevil
who works as a detective.
He handles a case where the
body of a person is found.  woman who was reported to
have been missing for several days when her
body was found The woman was very
pathetic, very thin and
black the next day again found
many human bodies in several
Jibril rivers and went to the lower
Han river where the first case was
detected
On the face of Hai, he suspected that the water in the river had
been contaminated with hazardous substances,
but the manager there
denied this. Jibril was very
confused about this case and because of
exhaustion he decided to
spend the night there. When he woke up in the
morning he was very surprised
to find the body again.  which
there are even more in the
River, his fellow detectives called
and said that the test results from the water
in the Han River were very clear and not
polluted. Hearing this, Jevil became
even more confused about the cause of
all that happened. The discovery of this body was
not only found in the river but
also in the river.  every place that had water
until one day the body of
a man was found in his
bathroom bathtub, from inside the man's body came
out a strange worm, many of
which were then taken to the laboratory of
the Korean National Health Agency for
further investigation. A professor
said the worm was named yungas i.
yes  That's the type of worm found there,
if like a grasshopper, the eggs of
this worm are in the water and may
enter the human body through the
anus or mouth, then the worm
will look for a place to
breed. The person who becomes the host will
have a very high appetite
but  does not gain
weight after that the person will
feel thirsty continuously to
encourage his desire to enter
the water in the water the worms will
come out of the person's body and
get ready to lay eggs
enough worms come out from the body
resulting in people being attacked by
attacks  The
government immediately announced
it to the public and caused
panic. Jihyuk's wife and children turned out
to have gone to the Han River for
summer vacation and without realizing it they
had contracted the parasitic worm and
Ji Hyuk began to see his family
have the symptoms as announced  eaten
by the government jihyuk then invited his
family to go to the hospital
but it didn't
Hi because his wife and children were sometimes
out of control due to dehydration yoonjo, Jevil's
girlfriend, works at the Korean National Health Agency,
he is part of a
team tasked with finding an antidote for
this epidemic of worms  This parasite
is a new type, so it
is not easy to find an antidote,
even ordinary worming drugs actually make people
who are infected go into convulsions
and die. On the other hand, the number of people
who are infected is increasing day by day, more
and more governments are issuing policies
to quarantine people who are
infected in an area.  sports arena
to prevent them from looking for
water sources that could harm their wife and
children. j-hope was also replaced. Now there,
meanwhile, on the other hand, Gmail, which
is on the Han River, met with the
manager of the river. At that time, the manager
told me that one night before
summer vacation there was a  suspicious group of people
who dumped
dog carcasses into the river But because he didn't
want to lose his visitors he
didn't report it
Hi in a hospital
a patient was found who recovered from the
parasitic worm outbreak after taking a
drug called windazol the government
then spread information about the
discovery  and made people
scramble to buy windazol but the
drug was very difficult to get because
it turned out that the drug was no
longer produced as well as Ji Hyuk who was
very difficult to find the drug in the
midst of his confusion his friend who
worked at a pharmacy said
that there was windazol in stock that he could
buy but  at a high price without
thinking, let's go straight
to his friend after successfully
buying the drug and will return to
meet his family he sees a
mother hugging her child who is in
pain Ji Hyuk feels sorry and
gives some of the medicine but  n
unfortunately there were people who saw the
incident the man screamed and
made jihyuk attacked by people
who wanted to take his medicine
and that resulted in the drug being destroyed
.  the police
came and arrested the dealer. On the
other hand, the owner of a matchmaking pharmacy that
produces windazol named James Kim
is being tried by the President and
some government officials have
asked for windazol to be produced again
but James Kim did not immediately
agree to that and asked the
government to buy some shares of joa
so that the formula  windazol can become the
property of the government Jibril goes to meet
his friend who works in Pharmacy joa he
threatens his friend to tell him
about the windazol drug and there the
truth is revealed his friend
told me that far away Pharmacy
caused this epidemic to happen they made an
experiment about worms  A new type of parasite
that can only be killed with
windazol the worm is then inserted
into the dog's body and the dog is
dumped into the river.
the warehouse and there they found
a lot of windazol medicine but
when they were about to take the medicine
an unknown person threw fire
into the warehouse and locked them
slowly they started to
lose consciousness due to difficulty breathing
luckily Yeon Joo came to
save them and  take them
to the hospital. The president is about to
sign a share purchase agreement for
Gowa Pharmacy so that windazol can be
produced again, but a minister
comes and whispers something. It turns out
that the minister informed about the
rottenness of Gowa Pharmacy so that the president
canceled signing the agreement
.  repeatedly
failed to get the antidote
started to think of the antidote formula
with his background as a
Professor of biochemistry he then went to
Joa Pharmacy and took ingredients
to make medicine the workers there
Gom and helped j-hope make medicine
short story ingredients ingredients  the drugs are
distributed to several pharmaceutical factories
so that production can run faster, the
drugs are distributed immediately to
each patient and the epidemic is
gradually subsided. The film closes with the
scene of Jevil and Yoonjo
eating together at a restaurant while
watching the news about
Kim Ok's arrest.  from the film
this time, hopefully this film can be
the right film recommendation for
all of you to watch. I say goodbye,
don't forget to like share, subscribe or
follow this channel so you can
get recommendations for other exciting films